Btcli conviction docs (#236)
latent-to/developer-docs: docs/subnets/subnet-hyperparameters.md

`NetworkRegistrationAllowed` determines whether neuron registration is enabled on the subnet. If disabled, the subnet will not receive new neurons.

### OwnerCutAutoLockEnabled

**Type**: Bool

> **Default**: `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Default**: `false`
```

Reviewer: this got updated

**`btcli` setter**: none

**Setter extrinsic**: `sudo_set_owner_cut_auto_lock_enabled`

**Permissions required to set**: Subnet owner

**Description**:

> Enables automatic locking of the subnet owner’s distribution cut. When enabled, existing locks are topped up automatically; otherwise, a new lock is created for the subnet owner’s hotkey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls whether the subnet owner's cut of emissions is automatically locked each epoch. When `true`, the distribution cut is added to the owner's conviction lock (topping up an existing lock or creating a new one targeting the owner hotkey). When `false`, the cut is received as free stake with no auto-locking. Exposed in `get_subnet_hyperparams_v3`.
```
a little clearer i think
